---
layout: post
title: "Research"
date: 2023-07-30
category: blog
tags:
---


Research themes:

Broadly, I am interested in how properties of data affect what is learnable by models. 

Some themes I have worked on include:
- Uncertainty quantification (UQ) for predictive modelling. 
- Feedback loops between UQ and tasks such as active learning, model selection, and model compression. 
- Language modeling for Q&A, summarisation, anomaly detection, and code diagnostics.


The titles of a few papers I have published are below. [Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=V1S7npsAAAAJ&hl=en) is always more up-to-date and also includes a list of patents.

`2023`
[_An Unsupervised Method for Estimating Class Separability of Datasets with Application to LLMs Fine-Tuning_](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2305.15016.pdf), with N Ghalyan, Y Satsangi, S Moran, M Labonne, J Sabelja. 


`2020`
[Learning medical triage from clinicians using deep q-learning](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2003.12828.pdf), with Albert Buchard, Baptiste Bouvier, Giulia Prando, Rory Beard, Michail Livieratos, Dan Busbridge, Daniel Thompson, Jonathan Richens, Yuanzhao Zhang, Adam Baker, Yura Perov, Saurabh Johri. 

[_MultiVerse: Causal Reasoning using Importance Sampling in Probabilistic Programming_](http://proceedings.mlr.press/v118/perov20a/perov20a.pdf), Yura Perov, Logan Graham, Kostis Gourgoulias, Jonathan Richens, Ciaran Lee, Adam Baker, Saurabh Johri. Accepted at AABI 2020. 

 _How biased is your model? Concentration Inequalities, Information and Model Bias_, with M. Katsoulakis, L. Rey-Bellet and J. Wang. Accepted at the IEEE Transactions on Information Theory.

`2019`
 _Tuning the semantic consistency of active medical diagnosis: a walk on the semantic simplex_, with A. Buchard, A. Navarro, et al. Presented at the Stanford Symposium "Fronters of AI-assisted care"

 `2018`
 _Universal Marginalizer for Amortised Inference and Embedding of Generative Models_, with R. Walecki, A. Buchard, et al. Submitted to AISTATS. arXiv: 1811.04727

`2017`
 _A Universal Marginalizer for Amortized Inference in Generative Models_, NeurIPS workshop on Advances in Approximate Bayesian Inference, 2017, with L. Douglas, I. Zarov, et al. arXiv: 1711.00695.

`2017`
 _Information criteria for quantifying loss of reversibility in parallelized KMC_, with M. Katsoulakis, L. Rey-Bellet. Accepted at the Journal of Computational Physics 328, 438-454.

`2016`
 _Information metrics for long-time errors in splitting schemes for stochastic dynamics and  parallel Kinetic Monte Carlo_, with M. Katsoulakis and L. Rey-Bellet. Accepted at the SIAM Journal on Scientific Computing 38 (6), A3808-A3832.
